A toast from a dog man and a woman
I don't drink
Ah, Wang Chang
Please forgive me forgive me
Give me a chance.
Give me a chance to forgive me
We have been married for so many years after all
Forgive me.
Give me a chance I won't dare again
I never give people a second chance
The man auctioned the bastard for 500 million
All donated to charitable foundations
Yeah. Hey.
Ah, senior brother
Senior Brother
Brother, I'm disrespectful.
You mustn't take things away
Please don't walk.
Old man, please raise your hand
All of this is due to the unfilial son of our family
All this stuff he's done?
Ah, can you give our Wang family a way to live?
Hahaha begging me is useless
Ask for Lord Xiao
Lord He, hahaha, Lord Corpse
Why don't you forgive me?
So why now?
Oops hahaha
This this
How dare you pretend to be a golden lotus monkey?
Do you want to live?